hey before you watch this video
I first want to say that it is one
called upload is back a few weeks
she has been online for a day
but in connection with the disaster in the
philippines that back then
took place you have now decided the
lord for zero action week where this video
so there is to shift and that becomes
now picked up again
hence my video is online again
comes and no you just take action again
yes if there is one more
information about wants then you can do it
Article read what I have on my blog
put from the links in the description
stand
if you have previously donated what then is that
just stand still and you don't have to
worry that your money is gone or something
again as this video so already seen
you can now click away
and if you have not seen it then wish
I hope you enjoy viewing
hi times well i actually have
happy and girlish all year round
videos of course but today I want
doing something else for a while
normal
I want to thank you for your attention
yes a bit more serious issue because
makeup and hair and clothing is not it
some alive but of course many
more important things going on today
also just take a moment to get it there
also agree on
it is true that unicef ​​the hero
for zero action in life
called and of course not for nothing
I do not want a super course
sentimental story
but the fact is that every day 18,000
children die from really super dull
things that are very easy to use
can be done
are things like lack of cleanliness
drinking water
malaria if we just go after 18,000
children that they mean in three
days are all my subscribers or members
well that is of course really super
depressed but then you have an idea of ​​it
the number how much or actually is because
of course there were two among two
so many children die every day
I would like to raise money so that
we yes hopefully with all this came
18,000 to 0 because that
of course it would be nice i would
explain what is the work going you can do
namely 250
Donate 5 euros or 750 and my goal is to
ultimately twenty-five hundred
euro twenty five
one hundred euros if you check that
a thousand people would donate 250 then
we are already there 1000 people is still
no they three percent of the number
people watching my videos
They now also have something nice for you
you guys because I want twenty-five
pick up a hundred euros but if that's mine
If you succeed then you naturally also like to know yourself
give something back
there i will be a mega that is for dazzle
organize a meeting
as soon as I collect that amount here
one is then invited and I will take care of it
sure do have great location
that it is just fun
and that everyone gets it at noon
and that you naturally have a chat
with my can and that it is just yes
nice word
which should absolutely not see
you donate money
to get to my meeting it
is more just an extra so you donate
the money to unicef to the death rate
to get to their food and then you may as
bonus as we are all factory with them
mechanic have picked up my not
income
So yes how nice is that to get you off to a good start
I will show you how to go
can donate and then I'll say the
be the first to learn the language amount
so I'm going to show that now
welcome to my computer so press the
link clicked in the description would
I come across this page and it actually
very easy
well you are briefly described
what it is exactly
and then you can select here thoughtfully
well i go for 750 watt high possible
amount and then click here the
big donate button then type here you
phone number in the namely gets one
SMS verification on your mobile
I have now received my verification SMS
who is going to fill
enter your account number according to the pier
and left me donation complete you can
choose to tweette that you
donated well I just continue
click
and then you are done
as you can see it is very easy
and yes it can also mean 250 that is
two and a half hamburger
of course do n't take a bit of it
resentful or so can not miss
mean that they are understandable but after like
If you do participate it would be really great
to be
And yes you also help along
a better world
that is actually all i wanted
tell i hope very much what
raise money because I see
also very much looking forward to the myth
organize and all of you too
but good if so succeeded as
you all by that time of course
get information touring
i want to feel thanks here for looking
and of course also incredibly
thanks if you make donation decisions
places and I'll talk to you again soon
bye